I'm annoying you.
How dare you hit me?
Compared to the ones you work with most closely
I hit you because it's cheap for you.
You are a street stall
Your daughter is a street stall
It's not worthy of our Xiaohui at all
If you want to save him, you will die
Shoutago help
Yu Nv Yuning, save me
Hand over Qinghe
I can spare your dog's life.
Otherwise, no one can save you today.
What a big breath
Do it in front of the four major families in the imperial city
See if you want to die
Stained the old lady's clothes
Not only to die
And die ugly
Who are you?
One of the four major families in Hongcheng
Li Family Master Li good
Your name won't fit into mine
You need to get a Li family.
Can't get into my eyes
Kind of interesting.
The Li family can't get into your eyes
What about our Wang family?
Neither does it deserve
What about our Zhang family?
The sum of one hill
Good idea.
It's really a frog at the bottom of a well
Four families
Represents the top power of the entire world
Even the red dust race students
Gotta give us some thin noodles
You are a girl
Tattered clothes
How dare you speak so wildly again
Are you crazy?
The top power in your eyes
Worthless in my eyes
Even if the Governor of Red Dust, Sun Jihai, comes
You can only kneel and talk to me
Hahaha, so shameless.
This is bold
Running rudely
How dare you ask the Governor
The Governor is not here
Madam Governor, please
Put this woman on the spot
To solve the problem